governance: getting permission to attend meetings (#56)
openjs-foundation/standards: GOVERNANCE.md

The moderator is responsible for summarizing the discussion of each
agenda item and sends it as a pull request after the meeting.

## Attending External Standards Meetings

> At various times members of this committee will attend Standards Meetings

Author: or members of the foundation

Author: ```suggestion
At various times members of the foundation will attend Standards Meetings
```

at external organizations as a representative of the OpenJS Foundation.
If a member would like to attend a meeting as a delegate of the OpenJS Foundation
they should open an issue stating:

> * The standards meeting they wish to attend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The standards meeting or series of meetings they wish to attend
```

> * The OpenJS Foundations relationship to this standards organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The OpenJS Foundation's relationship to this standards organization
```

> * The date and location of the meeting

Reviewer: If the meeting is a recurring one, it would be good if a single issue could cover a whole series of them.

* If they will be attending in person or remotely

> * The estimated cost of their particiaption

Reviewer: I don't think the estimated cost belongs here; should it not be a part of the CPC travel fund request instead, if the delegate is looking for financial support? Otherwise the implication is that the Standards group is going to approve travel funds, which probably is not the intent here.

> * The estimated cost of their particiaption

Author: Include something about scope of the work.

> * The estimated cost of their particiaption

Author: ```suggestion
* The estimated cost to the foundation of their participation
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
* The scope of the work they plan to participate in

```
